.\" Manpage for freec.
.TH frecc 1 2013-05-31 "1.2" "freec man page"
.SH NAME
.B freec 
\- Display memory usage using graphs and nice colors

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B freec
.RI [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B freec(1)
is like free(1) except that it shows the memory usage (used, cached, buffered and free mem) using
nice colors and ascii-graphs.

.SH OPTIONS

.TP
\fB\-b\fR, \fB\-\-byte\fR, \fB\-\-bytes\fR
Show units in bytes.
.TP
\fB\-k\fR, \fB\-\-kilo\fR, \fB\-\-kilos\fR
Show units in kilos.
.TP
\fB\-m\fR, \fB\-\-mega\fR, \fB\-\-megas\fR
Show units in megas. This is the default.
.TP
\fB\-g\fR, \fB\-\-giga\fR, \fB\-\-gigas\fR
Show units in gigas.
.TP
\fB\-T\fR, \fB\-\-tera\fR, \fB\-\-teras\fR
Show units in teras !

.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-human\fR, \fB\-\-humanize\fR
Humanize the result: take the biggest unit for each field.

.TP
\fB\-c\fR, \fB\-\-count\fR \fIcount\fR
Display the result
.I count
times.


.TP
\fB\-s\fR, \fB\-\-seconds\fR, \fB\-\-interval\fR \fIsecs\fR
Wait
.I secs
seconds between the
.I
count results.


.TP
\fB\-S\fR, \fB\-\-si\fR
Display the result in SI units (base 10).


.TP
\fB\-C\fR, \fB\-\-nocolor\fR, \fB\-\-no-color\fR
Display the result without using colors.


.TP
\fB\-G\fR, \fB\-\-nograph\fR, \fB\-\-no-graph\fR
Display the result without the usage graph.


.TP
\fB\-w\fR, \fB\-\-noswap\fR, \fB\-\-no-swap\fR
Do not display the swap meminfo.


.TP
\fB\-Y\fR, \fB\-\-tty\fR, \fB\-\-forcetty\fR
Force the output being interpreted as a TTY (for the color).


.TP
\fB\-V\fR, \fB\-v\fR
Displays freec's version

.PD
.SH FILES
.TP
/proc/meminfo
memory information

.PD
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR free(1),
.BR dfc(1),
.BR ccze(1)

.SH AUTHORS
Frank Villaro-Dixon (freec@vi-di.fr)

.SH BUGS
Please send bug reports to the email address mentioned above ;).
